fdopen()
       The  fdopen()  function associates a stream with the existing file descriptor, fd.
       The mode of the stream (one of the values "r", "r+", "w", "w+", "a", "a+") must be
       compatible  with  the mode of the file descriptor.  The file position indicator of
       the new stream is set to that belonging to fd, and the error and end-of-file indi‐
       cators  are  cleared.  Modes "w" or "w+" do not cause truncation of the file.  The
       file descriptor is not dup'ed, and will be  closed  when  the  stream  created  by
       fdopen()  is closed.  The result of applying fdopen() to a shared memory object is
       undefined.

   freopen()
       The freopen() function opens the file whose name is the string pointed to by path‐
       name  and associates the stream pointed to by stream with it.  The original stream
       (if it exists) is closed.  The mode argument is used just as in the fopen()  func‐
       tion.

       If  the  pathname  argument  is  a null pointer, freopen() changes the mode of the
       stream to that specified in mode; that is, freopen() reopens the pathname that  is
       associated  with the stream.  The specification for this behavior was added in the
       C99 standard, which says:

              In this case, the file descriptor associated with the stream  need  not  be
              closed  if  the  call  to freopen() succeeds.  It is implementation-defined
              which changes of mode are permitted (if any), and under what circumstances.

       The primary use of the freopen() function is to change the file associated with  a
       standard text stream (stderr, stdin, or stdout).

RETURN VALUE
       Upon successful completion fopen(), fdopen(), and freopen() return a FILE pointer.
       Otherwise, NULL is returned and errno is set to indicate the error.

ERRORS
       EINVAL The mode provided to fopen(), fdopen(), or freopen() was invalid.

       The fopen(), fdopen(), and freopen() functions may also fail and set errno for any
       of the errors specified for the routine malloc(3).

       The  fopen()  function may also fail and set errno for any of the errors specified
       for the routine open(2).

       The fdopen() function may also fail and set errno for any of the errors  specified
 Manual page fopen(3) line 94 (press h for help or q to quit)